Default exports do not overwrite each other (#22390)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/export/index.md

// export individual features as default
export default function () { /* … */ }
export default class { /* … */ }
```

> > **Note:** The names exported by all export declarations must be distinct from each other. Because default exports are conceptually exports with the name `default`, this means a module can only have one default export declaration.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Names for export declarations must be distinct from each other. Having exports with duplicate names or using more than one `default` export will result in a {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}} and prevent the module from being evaluated.
```
